Translate Readme and Issue templates into English (#142)
mfdz/GTFS-Issues: README.md

# GTFS-Issues

> Documentation and tracking of current problems with GTFS data sets. In the past, only German datasets where tracked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation and tracking of current problems with [GTFS](https://gtfs.org) data sets. In the past, only German datasets were tracked.
```

## Background

> Data, just like software, contain errors. However, while (open source) software deals openly and transparently with such errors, this is still rather uncommon with data: errors are reported via email to the data responsible party and then (hopefully) eventually disappear from the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data, just like software, contain errors. However, while (open source) software development projects deal openly and transparently with such errors, this is still rather uncommon with data: errors are reported via email to the data responsible party and then (hopefully) eventually disappear from the data.
```

This also applies to GTFS data, which is fortunately increasingly being published by transport associations.

> As most of todays open data platforms do not yet include "issue trackers" for reporting and tracking data errors, we launched this GitHub project 5 years ago, originaly only for German feeds (that's the reason why many issues were submitted in German language). Just like back then, we still hope today that the mobility industry recognizes the benefits of open issue trackers for datasets and eventually provides such tools themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As most of today's open data platforms do not yet include "issue trackers" for reporting and tracking data errors, we launched this GitHub project 5 years ago, originally only for German feeds (that's the reason why many issues were submitted in German language). Just like back then, we still hope today that the mobility industry recognizes the benefits of open issue trackers for datasets and eventually provides such tools themselves.
```

> For GTFS feeds, we want to document known data issues and make them traceable. Anyone who identifies an error in the data is encouraged to post it here. Ideally, transport associations will use this platform to provide information about the error and its elimination. Until we achieve this goal, we ask everyone who reports an error here to also report it to the transport association and document new information here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GTFS feeds, we want to document known data issues and make them traceable. Anyone who identifies an error in the data is encouraged to post it here. Ideally, transport associations will use this platform to provide information about the error and updates on their work to eliminate it. Until we achieve this goal, we ask everyone who reports an error here to also report it to the transport association and document new information here.
```

## How do I report an issue?

> If you have identified an error in the data, create a new issue. Prefix it with the abbreviation of the transport association or company in the title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have identified an error in the data, create a new issue. Prefix it with the abbreviation of the transport association or data provider in the title.
```

> Describe the observed problem as specifically as possible, if necessary with a short GTFS feed extract, an image, or a validator's error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the observed problem as specifically as possible, if necessary with a short GTFS feed extract, an image, or a validator's error message. In addition, it is very helpful for others to post a small script that reproduces the issue, for example an SQL query.
```
